# Disclaimer

We, the respeer.ai organization and its members, made ResPeer, CheCko, blobgateway.com, etc. (represented by the services in this document) on the Linera blockchain for the Linera community. All of the services developed by respeer.ai mentioned in this document are licensed with GPL. If users would like to reuse this service's code in their applications or services, they should also open-source their applications and services with GPL license. Users who use or develop based on the services must understand free software is not free of cost. ResPeer will always keep the right to charge service fees for users who use or develop based on the services.

Users who will use the service must understand that the services are open-source software built on the Linera blockchain. Users must understand the policy of their own countries for using the service, even if we or our community members may provide different translation copies for different countries. Moreover, users must review the code of the services they use carefully to ensure their digital assets' security. We (respeer.ai and the developers of the services) accept no liability for any loss or damage for any reason.

We believe that Linera is the fastest blockchain in the world. But our product is not perfect at the moment, so users may come across some waiting time when they use the CheCko wallet or ResPeer. Users must understand it's not caused by the Linera protocol but by our implementation at the moment and it will be optimized along with the progress of the Linera protocol. We are eager to provide something interesting on Linera for community users, and we believe speed and user feedback are more important than perfect. So if you find any issue when using our product, we're happy to improve with your suggestion. We don't have any bug bounty currently, but we may have some in the future.

Users must understand the Linera blockchain and its community eco-system applications are in a very early stage, and this document and the services may be updated often. That means that their data, which is published on the Linera Testnet or Linera DevNet may be lost if the network has to be reset. Thus, users must carefully back up their important data including but not limited to private key, mnemonic, microchain creation data, important artworks, important articles, etc.

Even if the services integrate some third-party services in the release version, e.g. CheCko will integrate ERC20 like spec transfer and SWAP from the Linera Hacker community, users must understand the services won't make any recommendation for those integrated services and won't ensure any security, functionality, reliability to the integrated services. Thus, we (respeer.ai and the developers of the services) accept no liability for any loss or damage for any reason of the integrated services. We (respeer.ai and the developers of the services) always keep the rights to update integrated services and integrate new services into the services in the future.

Users must understand that the service is run with blockchain communication and RPC communication, those implementations may not be optimal at this moment. So, if users' bandwidth cost is high, they should be careful to use the services.

Finally, users must understand all of the token symbols used in the services are not official symbols and then don't represent any value on any testnet. Users should not think that they can invest those symbols with real money. Users must understand all of the risks of using the services by themselves.
